The project helped me with the design skill of perseverent trial and error. Computational graphics is convenient because any change made to code is reflected immediately on screen. With the adjustment of a few definitions, I'm able to completely change the color or texture of an object. I also spent a lot of trial and error in making sure the lighting was rendered correctly. I played with the shader code a lot, and I loved to see the lighting render after all my efforts. Iterative development was seamless to execute during the development of the project. Each week's milestone was its own iteration, with each iteration building upon the last. Iteration allowed a simple triangle to become a textured 3D pyramid with lighting. Working through iteration taught me not to be frustrated during the development process, and to instead trust the process completely.
<br>
Computational graphics and visualizations has taught me a lot about programming, especially how much I can improve. In taking previous programming classes, we were taught that modularization is key to a well-functioning program. However, the implementation of that idea still has not completely stuck with me, and I still find it difficult. Being exposed to multiple source code that was modularized gave me a better idea of how I can achieve that modularization myself. I hope to become an expert at program modularization as my career grows. I really think seeing modularization in action with computer graphics expanded my mind. I have an ambitious goal to be a software developer. I still struggle with believing I can truly be one. I'd like to independently create code with ease that produces a well-built program. Being in this computer science program will put me through just the right kind of experience to dip my toes in the wide world of software development. Computer science is giving me a solid foundation by covering not just programming, but also the designing of said programs, and how to interact with others on a development team. While I'm not as far as I'd like to be, I am a lot more capable than just printing "Hello World!" to a screen.
